docs(connectors): added guide to run custom connectors in helm (#3036)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/platform-deployment/helm-kubernetes/guides/running-custom-connectors.md

---
id: running-custom-connectors
title: "Running custom Connectors"
description: "Run custom Connectors in your Helm Kubernetes cluster."
---

> You can deploy your custom **Connector** in your Helm Kubernetes cluster along with Connectors Bundle.

Reviewer: I need to add Connectors Bundle to the glossary to determine casing, an FYI to myself 👍

---
id: running-custom-connectors
title: "Running Custom Connectors"
description: "Run custom Connectors in your Helm K8S cluster"
---

You can deploy your custom **Connector** in your Helm K8S cluster along with Connectors Bundle.

## Overview

The default runtime loads Connectors from classpath via SPI. For the custom Connectors, there is a dedicated folder
inside a **Connectors** Docker image `/opt/custom`. Any jar that is placed there will be included into the classpath.

This page explains how to put your custom Connector into the `/opt/custom`.

## Prerequisites

Start with [creating and building](/components/connectors/custom-built-connectors/connector-sdk/) a 'fat' jar (jar with dependencies) of your custom **Connector**. For the purpose of

> this guide, let's consider this guide, let's consider the custom **Connector** name as `custom-connector-0.0.1-with-dependencies.jar`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this guide, let's consider the custom **Connector** name as `custom-connector-0.0.1-with-dependencies.jar`.
```

Then, you need to place the 'fat' jar somewhere accessible by Helm during installation. For the purpose of this guide,

> let's consider, the path to the **Connector** is `https://my.host:80/dist/custom-connector-0.0.1-with-dependencies.jar`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
let's consider the path to the **Connector** is `https://my.host:80/dist/custom-connector-0.0.1-with-dependencies.jar`.
```

Author: Done

## Modify Connectors config

> Modify `connectors` properties. The most straightforward way to do so is to modify `values.yaml` in the
> [Camunda Helm Charts repository](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-helm/blob/main/charts/camunda-platform/values.yaml).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Modify the `values.yaml` file in the [Camunda Helm Charts repository](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-helm/blob/main/charts/camunda-platform/values.yaml).
```

Author: Done (in next rev)
